OK so now it's your turn to start writing some while loops.
So this is a problem set where you're actually going to be writing code rather than just evaluating
it.
There are four different problems.
I'd like you to do can see them right here and you'll need to write them in a separate file.
So not just in the console.
So you'll need a HDMI file and a single javascript file and then you can just write all four of these
in the same file.
So here's the output I'm going to open up the console and it just runs to four problems one after another
.
So the very first one.
Print all numbers between negative 10 and 19.
So I added a little the log just to delineate which problem is which.
And you can see I get the numbers between negative 10 and 19.
Next up print all even numbers between 10 and 40.
So I get a little console dialog here.
And then even numbers between 10 and forty third one print all the odd numbers between 300 and 333.
So we get this output here and then the final one.
Print all numbers divisible by both five and three between five and 50.
So multiples of five and three there's only three of them.
15 30 and 45.
So all of these are done with while loops and that's the only requirement here is that you use a while
loop for all four parts.
So in the next video we'll go and create the solutions